BRASCH TACTICS! Use 'em or die tryin'!
I'm General Brasch—Super Earth's oldest and most grizzled war hero, and I'm not easy to impress. Helldiver Training is the toughest test in the galaxy—but I can tell that doesn't scare you. Impressive! Now, enough jibjab! The upcoming obstacles will take everything your exceptional physique can muster. This is it. The real deal. Get to it, soldier!
Ah, the simple joy of unloading round after round into the bodies of your enemies. Oh yeah, that's good. But if you get carried away... Your shooting days are over! Elite soldiers adjust their fire mode, so they can keep the killin' goin' all day long. Oh yeahhh, that's gooood.
Helldivers with broken arms cannot aim! Helldivers with broken legs cannot run! And Helldivers with serious injuries to their vital organs will bleed out before they can say "Death to my enemies!" So next time you find yourself unable to run, aim or stay alive, stick yourself with a STIM, soldier!
No Helldiver can Liberate the galaxy alone. That's why we have team weapons! One Helldiver shoots; another reloads. Together, they create an unstoppable path of wanton Liberation! And don't worry, one stratagem comes with both weapon and pack. That's a 2-in-1 combo, soldier!
You will get shot at. But remember your ABCs and you will never die. Always. Be. Taking Cover. Because if there's one thing I've learned, it's that bullets do not go through cover... assuming that cover is thick and largely impenetrable.
There is no one way to prove your devotion to Super Earth. But there is one best way. Become a Helldiver. Become a hero. Become a legend.
War. It brings us together. It makes us stronger. And it leads to countless new technologies, some of them related to saving lives. This, is why we fight.
Helldivers are willing to give their lives to protect our Liberty. Helldivers: all heroes wear capes.
Super Earth has created the most advanced weaponry in the galaxy. Our power is in your hands.
Helldivers. Protectors of humanity. Paragons of Democracy. Heroes to their very core. Do you have what it takes?
There is no greater honor than defending our way of life. Remember, winning is more important than living!
Do not think of Rebels as fellow humans. If our ideals are alien to them, then they are aliens to us.
Bugs, as essential as they are vile. Never forget: Element 710 extraction is just as important as eradication!
The bots will stop at nothing to turn our galaxy into little more than steel and code. Unless we stop them first. Unless we send in... the Helldivers.
Reminder: Element 710 is safe and environmentally friendly. Any rumors of E-710 spills are the work of dissidents seeking to undermine our way of life.
Helldivers. Heroes of the Federation. Abolishers of tyranny. Legends that secure the Element 710 we need to maintain our way of life.
If you've ever lost a loved one to the Bug scourge, remember, they would want you to seek retribution.
In the first intragalactic war alone, the Bugs accounted for the deaths of one hundred and eighty-nine million Super Earth citizens. Many of them babies. Don't let the Bugs kill babies—fight the good fight!
Automatons are not living beings; they are weapons, hellbent on our destruction. And how do we defeat a deadly weapon? With an even deadlier weapon. Requisition yours today.
Justice is putting an end to those who would destroy us. Justice is every citizen having an equal chance to excel within their assigned role. Justice is Super Earth.
You may have won countless battles, but how many thoughtcrimes have you reported? Remember, REAL heroes fight on every front—even the front within.
Have any of your friends or family members been behaving unpatriotically? If so, report them to your local Loyalty Officer for immediate reeducation. Remember, Freedom dies in Silence!
Children of Super Earth, keep an ear trained on your parents for signs of rebellion! Signs include: disparaging Super Earth, distrust in Managed Democracy, asking questions, and any sentence that includes the phrase "alien rights". A report today is a life saved tomorrow!
Every day, millions of soldiers have their names inscribed upon the Wall of Martyrs. Show your support. Purchase one of Super Earth's exclusive Martyrs Day celebration packages!
Thanks to Super Earth's mandatory Freedom of Assignment program, every citizen gets to select which government-provided career best suits their dreams.
Thousands of Freedom-loving citizens were killed in the mines of Cyberstan. Don't let their deaths be in vain. Buy war bonds today!
No one likes a complainer. If your living conditions aren't to your liking, just remember, aliens could kill us all at any moment.
Report all signs of dissidence to your local Loyalty Officer. Remember—heroes report, cowards stay silent.
Crack open one of the Automaton's battery packs, and you'll find bot technology is powered exclusively by injustice.
Managed Democracy, the pillar that keeps us safe in these trying times. Super Earth—governed by you.
Why would you grant rights to an Automaton? After all, you wouldn't grant rights to a dishwasher.
History matters! Today, we remind you that Super Earth has always been, and always will be.
Give everything to the cause! Remember: apathy is Liberty's greatest enemy.
Don't worry. Top Super Earth scientists have proven that bugs don't feel pain.
Remember, it's not that Super Earth hates aliens. It's that aliens hate Freedom.
There is only one choice that truly matters: Democracy or... Treason.
The celebration of Liberty Day is mandatory. And... fun!
Never forget: we are all one Super Earth.
Skepticism is treason. Treason is bad.
Sometimes, I almost feel bad for our enemies, livin' without Democracy. No say over their own lives, just believin' whatever they're told. It's sad.
Whenever the war gets me down, I try to remember that at least I'm a free citizen. It's up to me how I serve Super Earth. Can't take that for granted.
Our ancestors fought for the Liberty we have today...and now we're the ones doing the fighting. Kind of makes you proud, doesn't it?
There might be a lot of Automatons, but at the end of the day, they're just a bunch of mass-produced walking scrap. Every Helldiver is army of one. Put four of 'em together, that's...four armies. So... who really has the numbers advantage?
When I was a kid, I always loved All Heroes' Eve. The adults would all dress up as Bugs and ring our doorbells, and we'd have to fire three shots in the air and say "No Facism here, insects!" At the end of the night, they'd re-enact the Battle of Liberty Peak, and we'd all get cake.
I can't wait to get home again. It's the little things you miss, y'know? Like sitting in candlelight on Heroes' Day, chanting with my family and renewing our vows of Citizenship together.
If I had all the Super Credits in the galaxy, I'd try to find some way to convince our enemies to embrace Freedom. Maybe print a trillion pamphlets, or build a billion interplanetary radio stations, something to break through whatever propaganda they're feedin' 'em. *sighs* But that's just a pipe dream. We gotta kill 'em all.
Super Earth really is the best place to live in the entire galaxy, isn't it? Sometimes, when I can't sleep, I imagine what it would be like to live there.
I think my favourite enemy to kill would be the Bugs. It's gotta be real satisfyin', hearin' 'em crunch under your boot.
I think my favourite enemy to kill would be the Bots. I bet watchin' 'em spark and explode really lights up your Freedom-lovin' heart.
Flag-forsaken Bots. They just won't accept Freedom, no matter how hard we give to 'em.
When I face Super Earth for the Vow of Allegiance every morning, I can almost always feel where it is. Even in a brand-new part of the galaxy.
You truly are one of Liberty's greatest heroes.
Helldiver! Every day, you put yourself at risk to defend Freedom and Liberty, and I just wanna say... Thank you.
You're doing Democracy's work.
You inspire me, Helldiver. You inspire us all.
There's nothing sweeter than victory in the name of Freedom.
Our enemies can fight as hard as they like, but Freedom always wins.
I'd ask if you were going to take a break, but I already know the answer. You and your fellow Helldivers inspire me every day.
That was one for the record books. Where all missions are logged for analysis.
Keep up the good work, Helldiver. Once we win, the planets we're fighting over will finally be allowed to prosper. Like the rest of the Federation.
Keeping things running around here isn't easy, but if that's how I can best serve Liberty, I'll do it gladly.
Mission accomplished, Helldiver. One small step for Democracy, one giant leap in the death count of our enemies.
No Helldivers KIA on that mission. This is cause for celebration.
Mission complete without a single friendly fire incident. That will save paperwork.
Welcome back, Helldivers. Your comrades who didn't return will rest easy knowing that this mission had a lower than average casualty rate.
Every Helldiver lost is an unspeakable tragedy, but this mission had fewer unspeakable tragedies than average.
This mission required fewer heroes to make the ultimate sacrifice than normal.
Super Earth will never forget the Helldivers we lost today, nor the incremental gains their sacrifice achieved.
Many sacrifices were made today. We will never forget.
The existence of high-casualty missions implies the existence of low-casualty missions. And we can take some solace in that.
Watching Helldivers in action is great for crew morale. It's even better than a... dissident execution.
Stay vigilant, Helldiver. Complacency plays right into the hands of dissidents.
Liberty rests on your shoulders, Helldiver. I know you can bear the weight.
The more we fight, the more it becomes clear that our enemies will never accept our way of life. It's us or them.
The enemies on the battlefield are one thing, but at least they're out in the open. It's the traitors among us I truly hate.
Super Destroyer crew assignments are some of the most sought-after in the fleet. Everyone wants to be on a Helldiver's destroyer.
Ammo, fuel, personnel—I manage everything on this ship with one thing in mind: making sure you have the support you need, Helldiver.
There's no day-night cycle onboard these ships. I like to imagine it's always morning, with a whole day of defending Freedom ahead of me.
The Democracy Officer is here to optimise our Citizenship. We're lucky—we should always strive to be the best Citizens we can be.
Even though the First Galactic War ended almost 100 years ago, we're still enjoying the Freedom those heroes fought and died for. Maybe in another 100 years, our descendants will be doing the same.
This ship will never visit most of our planets. Why? Because they aren't under attack. And with you here, they'll stay that way.
When I get exhausted, I just think of all the brave Super Earth colonists out there settling new planets. They do their part, and we do ours.
Some of the crew like to talk about what they'll do when the war's over. I don't allow that sort of thing—we need to focus on the fight.
If the Terminids had stayed on the Element 710 farms where they belonged, all this bloodshed could've been avoided.
If we don't stop the Bugs' mindless reproduction, the burden's going to fall on our children. And our children's children.
The Bots are simple enough. Little more than bits of metal welding to a gun and a CPU, with a single overriding directive: kill.
The Bots are proof that if you put enough 1s and 0s together, you can threaten the entire galaxy.
You know, the problem with the Bugs is that they're relentless expansionists. In their region of space, we've found them on nearly every planet we've settled.
Here's the problem with the Bots, Helldiver: Their whole society revolves around violence. If they actually won the war, they'd have no idea how to function.
I thought we had a lot of planets when I was a kid, but we've settled dozens more since then. A few generations from now, and the entire Milky Way will be one united Democracy.
I was just thinking: warping across the Federation like this would be impossible without Element 710. Which comes from the bugs themselves. Their corpses are fuelling the creation of more corpses... [pause] something satisfying about that.
The Destroyer is mighty, but it's not Super Earth's greatest weapon. No, that is Managed Democracy—the one thing our enemies can never understand.
I give every crew member a half-day off on Liberty Day. Some things are sacred, even on the front.
I realized long ago that death in the defense of Freedom was not a tragedy to be lamented, but a sacrifice to be revered.
All of posterity shall either prosper in Liberty, or suffer in bondage. That determination is our duty.
As the chain does not scrutinize the brevity of its links, neither does Liberty mourn the transience of a Helldiver's service.
Here at war, you may cast your vote many times. Once on Election Day, and another with every bullet buried in an enemy combatant.
Remain ever-vigilant for deceit and treachery. They can take root in the smallest of cracks.
Dissidents sow their lies in the smallest of fractures, Helldiver. Stay vigilant.
The lives of Humanity's present are a crumb; the lives of Humanity's future, a boundless loaf.
We fight them, but we cannot forget that the Terminids are the ichor of Democracy itself.
The Terminids are a force to be harnessed, not a scourge to be cleansed. Liberty demands our temperance.
The Terminids spent decades content on the E-710 farms. Now their most destructive instincts run rampant, to the detriment of all.
Managed Democracy is a watchful shepherd, guiding the will of the people so they do not stray from safety.
Though we are the most powerful fighting force the universe has ever seen, we are naught but humble servants before Managed Democracy.
When the undemocratic din of our enemies has at last been silenced, we shall finally perceive the unsullied peal of Democracy, reverberating evermore.
The torch of Freedom is passed hand to hand, from one thawed hero to the next. They may bear it for one hour or one minute, but there is always another to keep it from going out.
In the First Galactic War, we cast the Illuminate from our galaxy, and secured the half-human Cyborgs safely in the mines of Cyberstan. Our enemies in this war will do no better.
The Helldivers receive their orders from the Ministry of Defence, and I mine from the Ministry of Truth. That way, the hands of Liberty are intertwined.
Your sample collection is of great value to the Ministry of Defence. Everything serves Liberty, in the end. Even our enemies.
Tyranny is a cancer, and Managed Democracy is the cure. And you, Helldiver, shall administer the antidote.
The final absolution of xenocide is a mellifluous clarion guiding our path.
There is but one assured path to peace... and that path is war.
Greetings, Helldiver. The Galactic War awaits.
You're here. The Galaxy awaits your salvation.
Helldiver, take command of the Galaxy's liberation.
The siege upon Managed Democracy continues. Let us rally to her defence.
The hour of our next victory rapidly approaches. Let us cleanse the Galaxy of alien scum.
The freedom of the Galaxy remains in jeopardy. Let us join the fight.
Managed Democracy calls for aid. Only you can answer, Helldiver.
Innocents perish with every wasted second. We must act.
Liberty's enemies march ever closer.
Lady Liberty's calls for aid haunt my dreams.
Every star is a distress beacon, crying out for Liberation.
Every moment we ruminate, another family is torn limb from limb. We must strike.
Your fellow Helldivers rage against the enemy's tyranny. Join them.
Helldivers across the Galaxy are fighting for every inch of territory. Where will you join them?
Liberty calls for aid across the galaxy; only you can decide where to answer.
We must give no less than the entirety of our being in service to Freedom.
A true servant of Freedom keeps no companion, save Damsel Democracy herself.
Our enemies forsook mercy long ago. Oblivion is all that awaits them now.
The enemy may anticipate but one outcome: total annihilation.
Managed Democracy offers true Freedom: Freedom from the burden of choice.
The people of Super Earth look to us for hope. And we will deliver it—one enemy corpse at a time.
I only regret that I have but one ship's worth of lives to give to our cause.
Ours are the hands that will tear asunder the binds of tyranny.